autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/aio.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/aliases.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/alloca.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/argp.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/argz.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ar.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/assert.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/autosprintf.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/byteswap.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/complex.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/cpio.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/crypt.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ctype.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/dialog.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/dirent.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/dlfcn.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/dlg_colors.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/dlg_config.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/dlg_keys.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/elf.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/endian.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/envz.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/err.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/errno.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/error.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/execinfo.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/fcntl.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/features.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/fenv.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/fmtmsg.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/fnmatch.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/fstab.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/fts.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ftw.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/_G_config.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/gconv.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/getopt.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/gettext-po.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/glob.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/gnu-versions.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/grp.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/gshadow.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/hime-im-client-attr.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/hime-im-client.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/iconv.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ifaddrs.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/inttypes.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/langinfo.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/lastlog.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/libgen.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/libintl.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/libio.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/limits.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/link.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/locale.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/malloc.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/math.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/mcheck.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/memory.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/mntent.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/monetary.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/mqueue.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/netdb.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/nl_types.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/nss.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/obstack.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/paths.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/poll.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/printf.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/pthread.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/pty.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/pwd.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/re_comp.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/regex.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/regexp.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/resolv.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/sched.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/search.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/semaphore.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/setjmp.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/sgtty.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/shadow.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/signal.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/spawn.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/stab.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/stdc-predef.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/stdint.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/stdio_ext.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/stdio.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/stdlib.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/string.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/strings.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/stropts.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/sudo_plugin.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/syscall.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/sysexits.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/syslog.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/tar.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/termio.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/termios.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/tgmath.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/thread_db.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/time.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ttyent.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/uchar.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ucontext.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ulimit.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/unistd.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/ustat.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/utime.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/utmp.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/utmpx.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/values.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/wait.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/wchar.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/wctype.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/wordexp.h
autocmd FileType c,cpp set tags+=~/.vim/ctags/tags/xlocale.h
